Iss 682 write paper for journal of open source (#683)
DLR-RM/BlenderProc: journal_of_open_source_paper.md

\newcommand{\yesSign}{{\color{green}\checkmarktikz}}
\newcommand{\noSign}{{\color{red}$\otimes$}}
\newcommand{\journalCite}[2]{\protect\hyperlink{ref-#1}{#2}}

\begin{table}[h]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{l|c | c | c | c | c}
 & NDDS & NViSII & Habitat & Stillleben & \textbf{Ours} \\
\hline
semantic segm. & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
depth rendering & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
optical flow & \noSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign \\
surface normals & \noSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
object pose & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
bounding box & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign \\
\hline
physics module & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
camera sampling & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
\hline
based on an open-source renderer & \yesSign & \noSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign \\
real-time & \yesSign & \noSign & \yesSign & \yesSign & \noSign \\
\end{tabular}
\caption{Main features present or not present in different simulators}
\label{tab:features}
\end{table}

> There are two groups of data generators.
> The first group is focused on speed and can generate several dozen images per second. 
> However, they generally rely on game engines to produce their images. These game engines focus on producing an image that can trick the human mind into believing a scene is real, which is not the same as generating a real image. 
> In contrast to that in the second group, the generation speed is not the focus but the final image's realism. 
> This realism is achieved by using a path tracer that traces the path of each light beam from a light source to the camera.
> Physical material properties then determine how the light interacts with the 3D scene and appears in the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two groups of visual data generators.
The first group is focused on speed and can generate dozens of images per second by typically relying on game engines to produce their images. These game engines, however, focus on producing an image that can trick the human mind into believing that a scene is real, which is not the same as generating a real image. 
In contrast to that, in the second group we focus on the realism of the final images instead of on their generation speed. 
This realism is achieved by using a path tracer that follows the path of light beams from a light source to the camera.
Physical material properties then determine how the light in turn interacts with the 3D scene and appears in the image.
```

> The most significant advantage of `BlenderProc2` is its large toolbox, as it provides tools to set, for example, the intrinsic parameters of your camera or import a complete URDF model to specify a robot.
> Further, it is possible to construct rooms randomly and drop or place objects from the BOP datasets in them, allowing the training of networks to succeed in the task of 6D pose estimation. 
> One can also emulate an active stereo sensor with a random or designed noise pattern or sample random items on surfaces in an existing dataset, where `BlenderProc2` provides tools to extract the correct surface per object category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most significant advantage of `BlenderProc2` is its large toolbox, as it provides tools to set, for example, the intrinsic parameters of a camera (including its lens distortion) or to import a complete URDF model to specify a robot.
Further, it is possible to construct random rooms and automatically drop or place objects from the BOP datasets in them, e.g. allowing the training of networks to succeed in the task of 6D pose estimation. 
It is also possible to emulate an active stereo sensor with a random or designed pattern of structured light, or to sample random items or surfaces within an existing dataset, where `BlenderProc2` provides tools to extract the correct surface per object category.
```
